# Split Document

**Chunk Count:** 33

**Splitter Parameters:** {
  "splitter_type": "recursive",
  "chunk_size": 400,
  "chunk_overlap": 0,
  "keep_separator": true
}

---

## Chunk 1

# Document Information

**Title:** Indeed Resume

**Author:** Indeed

**Creator:** Indeed Resume

**Pages:** 5

# Content

---

## Chunk 2

--- Page 1 ---
Adebowale Aduloju
Instructional Designer | eLearning Developer | Learning Experience Designer | LMS Course
Developer | Articulate Expert | WordPress LMS Expert
Phoenix
adeboadu@gmail.com
+230 5472 1971
Adebo is a highly skilled instructional designer who consistently creates engaging learning activities

---

## Chunk 3

and compelling course content that improves retention. With a background in graphic design, Adebo is
able to create instructional materials that match instructional goals and visually enhance the learning
process. Adebo conducts thorough research and analysis of learners and contexts, applies tested
instructional design theories and methods, and provides exercises and activities that support the

---

## Chunk 4

learning process. Adebo also has experience in managing projects and is hands-on in the creation of
supporting media such as audio, video, simulations, role plays, and games.
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Work Experience
Senior Instructional Designer
AFRINIC-The Regional Internet Registry for Africa - Ebene
February 2022 to Present

---

## Chunk 5

•Implemented a blended learning approach resulting in a 30% increase in employee retention rate
•Reduced the time to complete a training program by 20% through the use of interactive elements
•Increased employee satisfaction with training programs by 15% through the incorporation of feedback
and evaluation mechanisms

---

## Chunk 6

•Successfully managed and delivered multiple eLearning projects within budget and on schedule
Instructional Designer
AFRINIC-The Regional Internet Registry for Africa - Ebene
December 2018 to February 2022
Elevate and Scale with eLearning:
• Developed and revised course development standards, instructor guides, student guides and other

---

## Chunk 7

online course materials in collaboration with subject-matter experts resulting in 100% course materials
adherence to the standards.
• Implemented Instructional design methods and theories to complete 8 eLearning projects within scope
and on time.
• Developed and launched 8 IPv6 e-courses with an average of 10 lessons by Q2 2020. These e-courses

---

## Chunk 8

resulted in cost savings of $800,000 per year compared to traditional classroom training.
• Converted all 8 IPv6 e-courses into French by end of Q1 2021, resulting in over 30,000+ network
engineers from 20+ French-speaking African countries being able to learn and get certified in IPv6.
• Converted all 8 IPv6 e-courses into Arabic by end of Q2 2022, resulting in over 5000+ network

---

## Chunk 9

engineers from 8 Arab-speaking African countries being able to learn and get certified in IPv6.
LMS Administration:

---

## Chunk 10

--- Page 2 ---
• Managed and administered Thinkific (Learning Management System) resulting in a 99% system
uptime.
•Developed and implemented training for sub-administrators, resulting in a 90% success rate for sub-
administrators passing the training.
• Provided ongoing training data analysis for Learning & Development leadership team, resulting in a

---

## Chunk 11

15% increase in the effectiveness of training programs.
•Managed and administered a learning record store (lrs.io) resulting in a 98% data accuracy rate.
• Implemented xAPI objects and verbs on all e-courses resulting in an increase of 20% in the tracking
and reporting capabilities.
E-Learning Specialist
Leadway - Lagos
June 2017 to December 2019
Product learning program for sales teams:

---

## Chunk 12

•Collaborated with content SMEs, technical writers (Actuaries), and trainers resulting in a 65% increase
in overall training materials.
•Transformed existing curriculum for insurance sales agents, reducing training time from three to one
day while simultaneously improving time-to-proficiency resulting in $500,000 plus in savings for the
company.

---

## Chunk 13

•Created rapid eLearning prototypes in as little as 1 - 2 days which helped in winning new business
Scaling training across the organisation:
• Conducted Training Needs Analyses resulting in a 70% increase in training performance within the
organization.
•Implemented an Anti-Money Laundering program for over 1000+ employees, involving storyboarding,

---

## Chunk 14

written guides, and course development using Articulate Storyline. This program helped the organization
meet the National Insurance Commission (NAICOM) mandate of a compulsory Anti-Money Laundering
orientation program with a 100% compliance rate.
•Templatized eLearning best practices resulting in a library of targeted interactivities that helped reduce
design time by 80%.

---

## Chunk 15

• Developed and implemented a range of learning and development programs (New Hire Orientation,
Safety, Compliance, Leadership, etc.) for over 1000 employees.
•Saved the company over $70,000 per year in training costs by converting existing classroom courses
into e-courses resulting in a 20% increase in employee retention.
LMS Administration :

---

## Chunk 16

• Managed and administered Thinkific (Learning Management System) resulting in a 99% system
uptime.
•Developed and implemented training for sub-administrators, resulting in a 90% success rate for sub-
administrators passing the training.
• Provided ongoing training data analysis for Learning & Development leadership team, resulting in a
15% increase in the effectiveness of training programs.

---

## Chunk 17

•Managed and administered a learning record store (lrs.io) resulting in a 98% data accuracy rate.
• Implemented xAPI objects and verbs on all e-courses resulting in an increase of 20% in the tracking
and reporting capabilities.

---

## Chunk 18

--- Page 3 ---
eLearning Developer
Workforce Group - Lagos
January 2015 to June 2017
Courseware Development
• Led and collaborated on over 150+ eLearning courses using ADDIE methodology at the end of Q3
2016 resulting in a 90% course completion rate.
• Consulted and collaborated with Instructional Designers, Business Partners, Subject-Matter Experts,

---

## Chunk 19

and project teams to create effective learning solutions, prototypes, assessments, and other media
resulting in a 15% increase in employee retention.
• Planned, designed, and developed each course, including graphics, simulations, exercises, and
assessments in Articulate Storyline, Photoshop, and Illustrator, resulting in a 90% satisfaction rate.

---

## Chunk 20

•Managed courseware development projects in collaboration with internal and external SMEs resulting
in timely completion of projects within budget.
•Championed cost-effective strategies for project deliverables through available resources resulting in
a 15% reduction in project cost.
Clients’ courseware development

---

## Chunk 21

• Collaborated and developed over 20+ clients’ courseware development projects resulting in a 90%
satisfaction rate.
• Transformed clients' ideas and content and convert them into engaging and effective interactive e-
learning materials resulting in a 20% increase in employee retention.
• Evaluated, selected, developed and applied appropriate development methodologies and designs,

---

## Chunk 22

both individually and in consultation with the client, line manager and/or colleagues resulting in a 90%
course completion rate.
• Advised clients on the best approaches and means for developing their educational materials and
balancing competing demands of different projects and clients resulting in a 15% reduction in project
timelines.
Project Native smart (https://nativesmart.com/)

---

## Chunk 23

• Developed and launched Native Smart, an online platform that enables anyone across the world to
learn African languages quickly, in an interesting and engaging way resulting in a 90% satisfaction rate.
• Planned, created, developed, and supported learning technology initiatives and provided technical

---

## Chunk 24

expertise for the online language content resulting in a 25% increase in course completion rate.
•Worked with subject-matter experts to create SCORM-compliant language training programs that meet
compliance, regulatory, accreditation, licensing and continuing education needs resulting in a 100%
compliance rate.

---

## Chunk 25

•Developed templates and graphics for use in delivering the language online content resulting in a 15%
reduction in design time.
Peerless LMS
• Helped drive the business strategy to ensure that PEERLESS (formerly known as elearninga-z) is the
best Learning Management System (LMS) in the industry resulting in a 20% increase in market share.

---

## Chunk 26

• Implemented all new releases ensuring that PEERLESS LMS (formerly known as elearninga-z) is
capitalizing on all new features and benefits resulting in a 15% increase in end-user usage and
engagement.
• Helped ensure system scalability and stability by developing and enforcing standards, policies,
processes, workflows and advanced reporting for the learning management system resulting in a 100%

---

## Chunk 27

system uptime and availability.

---

## Chunk 28

--- Page 4 ---
HR Analyst
Workforce Group - Lagos
March 2014 to August 2015
Provision of staff welfare:
• Developed and planned health awareness and “Wellness” programs for employees resulting in a 15%
increase in employee engagement and participation.
• Facilitated quarterly training and development, recruiting, and other related initiatives to all 7000+

---

## Chunk 29

employees resulting in a 10% increase in employee retention.
• Liaised with Health Management vendors resulting in an increase of 15% in employee's coverage for
health insurance.
• Worked with the Medical team to implement automated tools, care data, and sick leave management,
and guidelines on Health and wellbeing resulting in a 10% reduction in absenteeism.
Staff data and identification:

---

## Chunk 30

• Initiated the company-wide new staff database and biometrics resulting in a 15% reduction in manual
errors and a 20% increase in data accuracy.
• Designed new staff ID’s resulting in a 20% increase in staff satisfaction with the new design and a
10% reduction in staff ID's replacements.
Education
Master's degree in Management
Middlesex University
2019 to 2021

---

## Chunk 31

Bachelor of Science in (BSc), Plant Sciences
Olabisi Onabanjo University
2006 to 2010
Skills
• Training & Development
• Instructional Design (7 years)
• Educational Leadership
• Blended Learning
• WordPress Design (3 years)
• Gamification
• Articulate Storyline (8 years)
• E-Learning Development (8 years)
• SCORM (7 years)
• xAPI
• Agile
• Microsoft Office

---

## Chunk 32

--- Page 5 ---
• User Interface (UI) (4 years)
• Learning technology
• LMS (7 years)
• Adobe Creative Suite (5 years)
• Articulate 360 (8 years)
• ADDIE (7 years)
• Adobe Captivate (2 years)
• Adult education
Languages
• English - Fluent
• French - Beginner
Links
linkedin.com/in/adebowale-aduloju-02787477
Certifications and Licenses
Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt
May 2018 to Present

---

## Chunk 33

Instructional Design
February 2020 to Present
AgileSHIFT®
February 2021 to Present
Assessments
Proofreading — Proficient
September 2022
Finding and correcting errors in written texts
Full results: Proficient
Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued
development in any professional field.

---

